feat: add base-ref input to override PR base branch (#146)
preactjs/compressed-size-action: README.md

compression: "none"
```

### Specifying the base ref

Use the `base-ref` option to compare against a specific ref. Otherwise, the action compares against the PR's base branch.

```diff
name: Compressed Size
on: [pull_request]
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - uses: preactjs/compressed-size-action@v2
      with:
+       base-ref: "v1.2.0"

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
base-ref: "v1.2.0"
```
```

> Eg, a project could set `base-ref` conditionally to use the default PR base branch for feature PRs, but compare against `production` for release PRs (e.g. those opened by [release-please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please)). This is useful for release PRs that only represent a version bump and wouldn't produce a meaningful size comparison. Comparing against the previous release tag instead shows cumulative size change across all changes going into the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a project could set `base-ref` conditionally to use the PR target branch for feature PRs but compare against `production` for release PRs. Comparing against the previous release tag could show cumulative size change across all changes going into the release.
```

```yaml
name: Compressed Size
on: [pull_request]
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v4
    - uses: preactjs/compressed-size-action@v2
      with:
        base-ref: ${{ startsWith(github.head_ref, 'release-please--') && 'production' || '' }}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
